Similar to its predecessors, Far Cry 5 is an action-adventure first-person shooter set in an open world environment which the player can explore freely on foot or via various vehicles. Unlike previous titles in the series where the player takes on the role of a set character, the game will feature a new character creator, which the player can use to customize their character's appearances, gender and skin tone. The game will also feature the old aiming system from other titles which allows players to lean around cover.[1][2] The player will have a variety of ranged and explosive weapons to fight against enemies, while the game will place a renewed emphasis on close-quarters combat compared to previous Far Cry titles by introducing a wider range of melee weapons.[3]

Creative director Dan Hay described the design of the open world as being modelled on the outposts from previous titles in the Far Cry series. These outposts represented a small section of the map occupied by enemy forces and the player was tasked with liberating them by killing or neutralising the enemy presence. The outposts were designed with multiple approaches for the player to take and it was this element that the development team tried to recreate in the wider game world of Far Cry 5. The player is dropped into the game world with little context, direction or objective markers and is instead required to navigate the world on their own. Hay expressed a desire to create what he termed the "anecdote factory", a game where two players could venture out from the same point in opposite directions and have completely different experiences that they would then share with one another anecdotally.[citation needed] The game world will also respond to player actions; for example, civilians will move back into an area once the player has eliminated cult influence and may provide additional support or make other civilians more sympathetic to the player character's cause.[citation needed]

The game will also feature a recruitment system, in which the player can recruit locals in the county to fight alongside them similar to the "Buddy" system used in Far Cry 2. In this "Guns for Hire" system, the player needs to convince other locals to join their cause, and every companion fighter has their own unique skills and personalities. The player may or may not meet them depending on their actions. The recruitment system will replace the beacon system used in previous titles. For example, Far Cry 4 featured bell towers that the player had to climb in order to open up parts of the map and various activities in the region. Far Cry 5 will remove this system and instead rely on the player forging relationships with other characters to discover story missions, events and other characters.[citation needed]
